It can be really stressful
when you have trouble
finding something important.
You're late to an appointment
and can't find your keys!
We all find ourselves in
situations like these
at one time or another.
Believe it or not, organizations
deal with the same kind of trouble.
Take a few seconds to
think of the number of
important assets
you have nearby.
I'm thinking of my phone,
wallet, and keys, for example.
Next, imagine that
you've just joined
a security team for a
small online retailer.
The company has been growing
over the past few years,
adding more and more customers.
As a result, they're expanding
their security department
to protect the increasing
numbers of assets they have.
Let's say each of you are
responsible for 10 assets.
That's a lot of assets!
Even in this small
business setting,
that's an incredible amount of
things that need protecting.
A fundamental truth
of security is you
can only protect the
things you account for.
Asset management
is the process of
tracking assets and the
risks that affects them.
All security plans revolve
around asset management.
Recall that assets include
any item perceived as having
value to an organization.
Equipment, data, and
intellectual property are just a
few of the wide range of
assets businesses
want to protect.
A critical part of
every organization's security plan
is keeping track of its assets.
Asset management starts with
having an asset inventory,
a catalog of assets that
need to be protected.
This is a central part
of protecting
organizational assets.
Without this record,
organizations run
the risk of losing track of
all that's important to them.
A good way to think of
asset inventories is as a
shepherd protecting sheep.
Having an accurate
count of the number of
sheep help in a lot of ways.
For example, it
will be easier to
allocate resources, like
food, to take care of them.
Another benefit of
asset inventory
might be that you'd get an alert
if one of them goes missing.
Once more, think
of the important assets
you have nearby.
Just like me, you're
probably able to
rate them according to
the level of importance.
I would rank my wallet ahead
of my shoes, for example.
In security, this practice is
known as asset classification.
In general, asset classification
is the practice of labeling
assets based on the sensitivity
and importance to
an organization.
Organizations label
assets differently.
Many of them follow a basic
classification scheme:
public, internal-only,
confidential, and restricted.
Public assets can be
shared with anyone.
Internal-only can be
shared with anyone in
the organization but should
not be shared outside of it.
And confidential assets
should only be
accessed by those working
on a specific project.
Assets classified
as restricted are
typically highly sensitive
and must be protected.
Assets with this label are
considered need-to-know.
Examples include
intellectual property
and health or
payment information.
For example, a growing
online retailer
might mark internal emails about
a new product as
confidential because those
working on the new product
should know about it.
They might also
label the doors at
their offices with
the restricted sign
to keep everyone out who doesn't
have a specific reason
to be in there.
These are just a couple of
everyday examples that you
may be familiar with from
your prior experience.
For the most part, classification
determines whether
an asset can be disclosed,
altered, or destroyed.
Asset management is a
continuous process,
one that helps uncover
unexpected gaps in security
for potential risks.
Keeping track of all
that's important to
a organization is an essential
part of security planning.